add `r` string to `IfElif` script (#40736)
demisto/content: Packs/FiltersAndTransformers/ReleaseNotes/1_3_6.md

#### Scripts

##### If-Elif

> - Fixed a bug in **If-Elif** script to deal with syntax warning for Python 3.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the script failed to run due to a syntax warning.
```
